Consolez - TSC meeting 2 Mar 2021

## Attendees: -Mike MacIsaac, John Mertic, Michel Beaulieu, Len Santalucia, Vince Terrone 

## Administrivia
 - Meeting minutes are kept in https://github.com/openmainframeproject/consolez/tree/main/meetingMinutes
 - How to render the markdown? 

## New function as of today 
 - v0.97 from two weeks ago is still the latest
 - Working on search bar:
   if our 'finder' tool does not get any hits, search Saved consoles

## Demo 
  - Mike demo'd the new search bar function
  - Mike will build the next version and upload 

### Discussion
Vince T: Need to work on get consolez running in house.  Mike will review the trace output of a failed command that Vince sent.

## Needed function 
 - Add corresponding 'Scroll to top' button? 
 - Limit size of console output 
    --perhaps 20,000 lines chunks (this would be a preference) 
    --Allow page up/page down 
 - Prune data
    --hook into logrotate? 
 - Finder --Start an open source 'sister' project?

### Discussion
 - Len: Maybe an intern could work on Consolez?
 - John: Yes, this is a possibility
 - Mike: If Vince could set intern up with a dev't environment, I could help with the code

## Get the word out: 
  - Internal Demo - this Thu (2 days)
  - MVMUA - April 
  - VM Workshop - June 
  - SHARE - August   TODO: propose session 
  - Announcement - in conjunction with MVMUA?  (April 20th)
    OMP: Plan to announce in one week

### Discussion
 - Mike: another YouTube video? - can't promise but will try
 - Mike: verify that I'm on the MVMUA agenda for April 20th 

